# Implementing custom System and Kernel Calls in MINIX

1. Part 1 implements the "ADD" system call using the server. This involves first creating a user defined server -'calc'-. I then create a user program -'calc_test'- that would implement the user interface for the add function. The control would then pass to a user defined library -'calc'-, where the parameters for the add function were appended in the variable of 'message' datatype. This is then used to invoke a user defined system call, -'ADD'- with the message as an argument. The system call does the addition of the parameters from the message argument and returns the result to the library which then in turn returns the value to the user program, where it is printed.

2. The second part involves a multiply function. I do this using the same server as implemented in the first part. Another system call -'MULTIPLY'- is added to multiply the numbers but instead of doing the calculation from the message here, it calls the kernel call to do it. This user defined kernel call -'SYS_CALC_MUL'- is given the appropriate permissions to carry out it's operations. This kernel call then takes the message as an argument, accesses the parameters to multiply and adds the result to the third parameter of the message. This message is then returned to the system call, which in turn returns to the user program where it is printed.

3. The test program `test.c` includes 1 test for the multiply call, and 1 test for the add call: `20 * 2` and `2 + 3`. The `add` and `multiply` calls are implemented as library functions defined in `calc.h`.